1;Conjure Zombie Infantry;N;A;1 per 2 GT;in hex only;A Character may cast this Spell only if he does not cast any other  "Conjure" Spells during the Game-Turn in which it is cast;Casting the Spell creates a 2m3 Zombie infantry unit that is controlled by the owning Player of the casting Character. Several of these units are provided with the countermix. The conjured unit remains in existence for twice as many Game-Turns as Manna Points expended in the Spell. Each conjured unit counter bears an identification number, the conjuring player should note the identification number of the unit on a piece of scrap paper, together with the number of Game-Turns it will remain in play. A Character may cast this Spell more than once in which they aore slated to be removed. Comjured units are removed from the Game Map at the end of the Friendly Magic Phase of the Game-Turn in which they are slated to be removed. Conjured units may not (obviously) move in the turn that they are conjured. They may, however,engage in Army combat. Conjured units in excess of the Stacking Limit may not aid in Army combat. offensivly or defensively. If forced to retreat, overstacked Conjured units are eliminated, but losses may be taken out of these units (despite the fact that the Conjured units did not contribute to the Defense Stregth when overstacked). Note that this is an exception to the stacking rules that occurs only on the turn a unit is conjured

1;Force Wall;N;A;2 per hexside;7 hexes;None;This Spell creates an impassable wall along one or more hexsides. The Player owning the casting Character specifies which hexside(s) are to become impassable. All impassable. All impassable hexsides must be adjacent to hexes that are within seven hexes of the casting Character. Until the end of the next Game-Turn, the specified hexsides are impassable to all units and Characters (including Flying units) except for units and Characters Friendly to the owning Player of the casting Character. In addition, the owning Player may allow Enemy Characters or units to pass through the impassable hexsides at his discretion.

1;Teleportation Protection;N;A;2;in hex only;This Spell must be cast during a Friendly Movement Phase;The Spell affects all Charaters and/or units in the caster's hex. If, during the Friendly Movement Phase in which the Charater casts the spell, the units/Charaters on which it is cast move thourgh a Portal, they may not be eliminated. If the die rolled for Portal Transference reveals a number that would normally destroy the Teleporting units/Charaters, the units/Charaters do not Teleport but are not destroyed.

2;Conjure Centauroid Cavalry;N;A;1 per GT;in hex only;None;Not yet

2;Fear;N;A;3 per unit;7 hexes;Fear may not be cast on an Ally's units, nor may it be cast on an already Demoralized unit. Use of the Spell against a Neutral's unit is considered invasion;Not yet

2;Manna Transfer;N;A;2 for 1;in hex only;This Spell may be cast only by one Character on another who can cast Spells as well;Not yet

2;Morale;N;C;3 per unit;7 hexes;None;Not yet

2;River Crossing;N;A;2 per hex;10 hexes;None;Not yet

3;Conjure Wyvern Airtroops;N;A;1.5 per GT;in hex only;This Spell is similar to Conjure Zombie Infantry with the following exceptions;Not yet

3;Dispell Magicks;N;C;3;variable;May only be cast as a Counterspell, but unlike other Spells, Dis Magicks may be thrown immediately after another Player has a Character cast one of the listed Spells;Not yet

3;Enhance Stature;N;A;1 per GT/Dip Pt or 2 per Dip Pt Emissary;in hex only;None;Not yet

3;Forest;N;A;2 per hex; 5 hexes;None;Not yet

3;Immobilization;N;A;1 per unit;7 hexes;None;Not yet

3;Monsoon;N;A;5;Unlimited;None;Not yet

3;Vortex Suppression;N;C;2 per Vortex;10 hexes;None;Not yet

4;Building;N;A;5;5 hexes;None;Not yet

4;Conjure Koboldic Infantry;N;A;1 per GT;in hex only;None;Not yet

4;Disintegration;N;A;6;5 hexes;None;Not yet

4;Ersatz Winter;N;A;8;Unlimited;None;Not yet

4;Teleportation Control;N;A;4;in hex only;None;Not yet

4;Vortex Creation;N;A;2 per Vortex;5 hexes;No more thant one Vortex may be created in each Vortex hex;Not yet

5;Banish Conjured Troops;N;A;3;7 hexes;None;Not yet

5;Conjure Wraith Troops;N;A;1.5 per GT;in hex only;None;Not yet

5;Planar Return;N;A;6;Unlimited;None;Not yet

5;Summon Demon;N;A;4;in hex only;None;Not yet

6;Banish Demon;N*;C;6;4 hexes;None;Not yet

6;Berserkergang;N;A;2 per unit;7 hexes;None;Not yet

6;Bind Demon;N*;A;4 per GT;15 hexes;None;Not yet

6;Conjure Demonic Infantry;N;A;2 per GT;0 hexes;None;Not yet

6;Firestorm;N;A;10;5 hexes;None;Not yet

6;Summon Force;N;A;All(5 minumum);in hex 0606 only;This Spell may only be cast when the casting character is in hex 0606;Not yet

7;Wizard Wheel;N;A;All(10minimum);Unlimited(PCD);None;Not yet
